maintain rclone (#6)
kaiyuanshe/Polyfiller: README.md

  - [What's the difference from polyfill.io](#whats-the-difference-from-polyfillio)
  - [Hosting](#hosting)
    - [Docker](#docker)
        - [Install Docker in Cloud Server at first](#install-docker-in-cloud-server-at-first)

>       - [Simple container](#simple-container)

Reviewer: 安装章节标题级别缩进去了

> This guide has been tested in the deployment process of China mirror: https://polyfiller.kaiyuanshe.cn

##### Composed services with Object Storage

Install Docker in Cloud Server at first:

> remove old Docker version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
###### remove old Docker version
```
（下同）

```shell
sudo apt remove -y docker docker-engine docker.io containerd runc
```

install dependencies

```shell
sudo apt install -y ca-certificates curl gnupg lsb-release
```

download GPG key and believe it

```shell
sudo mkdir -p /etc/apt/keyrings
curl -fsSL https://download.docker.com/linux/ubuntu/gpg | sudo gpg --dearmor -o /etc/apt/keyrings/docker.gpg
sudo chmod a+r /etc/apt/keyrings/docker.gpg
```

build source for the current CPU architecture and system version

```shell
echo \
  "deb [arch=$(dpkg --print-architecture) signed-by=/etc/apt/keyrings/docker.gpg] https://download.docker.com/linux/ubuntu \
  $(lsb_release -cs) stable" | sudo tee /etc/apt/sources.list.d/docker.list > /dev/null
```

install Docker-ce and Docker plugin

```shell
sudo apt update && sudo apt install -y docker-ce docker-ce-cli containerd.io docker-compose-plugin
```

the current user joins the docker user group

```shell
sudo gpasswd -a ${USER} docker
```

You need to execute `CTRL+D` to log out of the session and use ssh to log back into the system.

Rclone use `FUSE` mount the Rclone's cloud storage systems, you need to install it.
```shell

> sudo apt install fuse3 -y 

Reviewer: 使用 Docker 官方一键安装、升级脚本，不要局限于一种 Linux 发行版。

Author: https://github.com/docker/docker-install   中说 
` It is not recommended to depend on this script for deployment to production systems.`   。 不同发行版，对方换一下包管理器就行了。

Reviewer: 这个项目也不是私有部署的商业项目，对稳定性要求没那么高。开源项目依赖一个开源的安装脚本为的就是入门尽可能简单，大神有更高的要求，他自然会自己去搞定。

我觉得他官方不推荐用在生产环境，应该是没有那么多精力维护不同的发行版，我之前在华为欧拉上面用过就识别不出来，但主流发行版应该还是稳定的。

Author: 那 boss 主机上的 Docker  版本原来是 24，主流版本现在是25.  脚本使用的源比较落后了。

Reviewer: > 脚本使用的源比较落后了。 

那说明这个脚本还是以稳定为先的，实在不行我们 fork 一份更新一下软件源 URL。

> 欧拉这种魔改的Linux，出问题是大概率的事。

并没有出问题，只不过脚本提示“识别不了发行版”就直接退出了。

Author: https://docs.docker.com/engine/release-notes/25.0/    大版本不跟上主流， 要独自面对多少  cve。

Reviewer: > https://docs.docker.com/engine/release-notes/25.0/    大版本不跟上主流， 要独自面对多少  cve。 

我觉得我们在文本里提供最简洁、通用的安装方式，然后告诉用户如果要安装最新版本，请根据你自己的系统到官方文档的某个链接里去找。

> This guide has been tested in the deployment process of China mirror: https://polyfiller.kaiyuanshe.cn

###### Install Docker in Cloud Server at first

In the development environment, use installation script

```shell
curl -fsSL https://get.docker.com | sudo sh
```

the current user joins the docker user group

```shell
sudo gpasswd -a ${USER} docker
```

> You need to execute <kbd>CTRL</kbd> + <kbd>D</kbd> to log out of the session,then use SSH to log back into the system.
> 
> [Docker-install-script](https://github.com/docker/docker-install) say `It is not recommended to depend on this script for deployment to production systems`.
> **So depend on your choice**.
> More info see the [Docker install Doc](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need to press <kbd>CTRL</kbd> + <kbd>D</kbd> to log out of the session, then use SSH to log back into the system.

[Docker-install-script](https://github.com/docker/docker-install) says `It is not recommended to depend on this script for deployment to production systems`. **So depend on your choice**.

Find more information in the [Docker install document](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/).
```

> This guide has been tested in the deployment process of China mirror: https://polyfiller.kaiyuanshe.cn

##### Composed services with Object Storage

###### Install Docker in Cloud Server at first

In the development environment, use install script

```shell
curl -fsSL https://get.docker.com | sudo sh
```

> the current user joins the docker user group

Author: 主要是避免要用 sudo docker  xxx 命令

docker run --name polyfiller -e NODE_ENV=production -p 3000:3000 polyfiller/api-service
```

###### 1. Manual deployment

1. Write [rclone config](https://rclone.org/install/) into `rclone.conf` file in the Project `config/rclone` folder:

```ini
[azure]
type = azureblob
account = xxxx
key = xxxx
endpoint = https://xxx
```

> How to configure quickly? use `rclone config` command ? It need knows about a lot of things. Open [Doc](https://rclone.org/docs/), choose a instructions, like [Dropbox](https://rclone.org/dropbox/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
How to configure quickly? Use `rclone config` command? It needs to know a lot of things. Open [Document](https://rclone.org/docs/), choose an instructions, like [Dropbox](https://rclone.org/dropbox/).
```

Look for

```ini
[remote]
app_key =
app_secret =
token = XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX_XXXX_XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
```

It is the configuration for Dropbox.

```ini
[dropbox]
type = dropbox
app_key = xxxxxxxxx
app_secret = xxxxxxxxx
token = XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX_XXXX_XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
```

> If you use dropbox, in `docker-compose.yml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use Dropbox in `docker-compose.yml`:
```

```yaml
command: "mount azure:/ /polyfill-cache --allow-other --allow-non-empty --vfs-cache-mode writes"
```

> It should be changed to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It should be changed to:
```
